Writing your own application (#186)
esp-rs/book: src/writing-your-own-application/alloc.md

# Alloc

> In `no_std`, we need to rely on `alloc` crate, which provides heap allocation support. To use `alloc` in `no_std` environment:

Reviewer: I think we should reword this to change the sentiment. We don't "need" to, but it's there as an option if a user needs to:

* use a crate that needs alloc
* use the well known dynamic collections like `Vec`

Author: I updated the wording I hope it's more clear now.

> In `no_std`, we need to rely on `alloc` crate, which provides heap allocation support. To use `alloc` in `no_std` environment:

Reviewer 2: I think this needs rewording. We do not _need_ to rely on `alloc`, it is only required if people which to perform heap allocations.

> 1. Explicitly enable the alloc crate

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what "enabling" the crate is meant to mean in this context; further detail would be nice.

Author: I removed this as I added a step-by-step what needs to be done

2. Provide a Global Allocator

We provide our own simple `no_std` heap allocator [esp-alloc]. To use it you need to:

1. Add a dependency to your `Cargo.toml`
```toml
esp-alloc        = "0.7.0"
```

2. Modify the `.cargo/config.toml`
```toml
[unstable]
build-std = ["alloc", "core"] # added alloc here
```

3. Use `alloc` crate in your application
```rust
// main.rs

extern crate alloc;
```

> 4. Initialize a global heap allocator providing a heap of the given size in bytes (with macro, preferrable)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Initialize a global heap allocator providing a heap of the given size in bytes (with the provided macro, preferably)
```
Would be good to justify this recommendation; why should the macro be preferred?

```rust
// main.rs

> esp_alloc::heap_allocator!(size: 72 * 1024);

Reviewer: We should also mention about being able to pass `cfg`'s to the underlying storage to change where it's placed. This is useful on some chips like the esp32 where it's memory is not contiguous.

```

> or (when more flexibility is needed)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or, when more flexibility is needed:
```
Flexibility in what regard? What is the difference between these two examples once macro expansion has been performed?
